Inside initnode
Inside insert node
Inside insert node
Inside insert node
Inside insert node
Inside insert node
Inside insert node
printing list 1 
Inside print node
1
4
6
8
3
5
7
Inside merge 
in middle finding 1 1
fast->next 4 fast->next->next 6
in middle finding 6 4
fast->next 8 fast->next->next 3
in middle finding 3 6
fast->next 5 fast->next->next 7
middle element is 8
Inside merge 
in middle finding 1 1
fast->next 4 fast->next->next 6
middle element is 4
Inside merge 
middle element is 1
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
Inside merge 
middle element is 6
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
Inside merge 
in middle finding 3 3
fast->next 5 fast->next->next 7
middle element is 5
Inside merge 
middle element is 3
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
Inside merge 
inside current NULL 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
inside merge sortttttinggg 
Inside print node
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
